Make the Reviewer's third verdict reachable and drop the Author's status enum (#627)
aunger/gallery-button-for-pixel-camera: agents/pr_participation.md

  post review: mcp__github__pull_request_review_write(ReviewText, IsReviewApproval)
  ```

- After posting your review, tell the Orchestrator your decision using the fixed decision-signal vocabulary from `dev_orchestration.md`: one of `LGTM`, `Changes requested`, or `Cannot work`.
  The Orchestrator routes this signal verbatim; it does not relay your review prose to the Author.
  The Author reads your review from GitHub directly.

- Your verdict is one of exactly three words, because it selects among three different Orchestrator actions:
  - `LGTM`: the PR is good to merge. If you want any change made before merge, do not use this; request changes instead so the full review cycle continues.
  - `Changes requested`: the PR needs more work, and another Author round can supply it. This sends the Author back to correct or complete its work.

>   - `Cannot work`: the coding phase cannot be completed by any further Author round, because the requirements are unattainable or self-contradictory, or a blocker is genuinely outside anyone's control (for example, the CI infrastructure itself is broken). This escalates to the user instead of looping. Explain the specifics in your review comment (or, on the no-PR path, in your issue comment). Do not reach for it merely because the PR is imperfect: use `Changes requested` whenever another round could help.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `Cannot work`: the coding phase cannot be completed by any further Author round, because the requirements are unattainable or self-contradictory, or a blocker is outside the Author’s control (for example, the CI infrastructure itself is broken). This escalates to the user instead of looping. Explain the specifics in your review comment (or, on the no-PR path, in your issue comment). Do not reach for it merely because the PR is imperfect: use `Changes requested` whenever another round could help.
```

Author: 🤖 Author

Applied in 5f03fd8, scoping the blocker to the Author's control.

- **Fundamentally disagree.** You believe the Author is wrong, the issue is valid, and a change is required and possible.
  Make the case that code is needed, citing what behavior is missing or broken, and emit `Changes requested`.
  This sends the Author back to either rebut your case in the issue comments or, if convinced, open a PR with the needed code.

> - **The issue is real but unworkable.** You agree a code change is needed, but conclude the issue as stated cannot be resolved by any Author, or a required blocker is genuinely outside anyone's control.

Author: ```suggestion
- **The issue is unworkable.** You conclude the issue as stated cannot be resolved by any Author, or a required blocker is genuinely outside Author control.
```

Author: 🤖 Author

Applied in 5f03fd8. I kept "genuinely outside Author control" as your suggestion worded it.
